#labels Featured
<wiki:toc max_depth = "3" />

= Software Requirement Specification =

== 1.Introduction == 

=== 1.1 Purpose ===
The main purpose of SRS is to describe and collect functional and non functional requirements that have not been described in the Use-cases for release 1.0 of Gene Expression Learning Assistant System. Such as the nonfunctional requirements like: usability, reliability, performance, and support ability.

=== 1.2 Project Scope and Product Features ===
Gene Expression Learning Assistant System helps the biology students to better understand the gene knowledge by non-traditional ways, such as playing games, and provides feedback by the professors to accomplish the aims of learning Gene knowledge. A detailed project description is available in Project Description and TeamSkill3.

=== 1.3 Reference ===
Project Description
<br>Team Skill 3</br>

== 2.Overall Description == 

=== 2.1 Product Perspective === 
The Gene Expression Learning Assistant System can be a great alternative of using traditional methods in learning and understanding biology. It acts like a personal tutor in order to achieve learning biology plus saving time and efforts for both students and professors. 

=== 2.2	User Classes and Characteristics ===

=== 2.3	Operating Environment ===
<br>SRS-1 The Gene Expression Learning Assistant System requires the user to have a  computer connecting to the Internet. </br>
<br>SRS-2 The Gene Expression Learning Assistant System operates with any web        browser like: Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Google Chrome.</br>
<br>SRS-3 The Gene Expression Learning Assistant System will operate on a server like: Red Hat 6.0 or, Apache HTTP Server.</br>

=== 2.4 Design and Implementation Constraints ===