#labels Featured
= Build Right System =
== Test cases ==

=== Test cases: Administrator System ===
Description
<p>
The test cases are used to test instances of the Administrator System use case.
=== Fields and Button Included on Administrator System ===
Administrator System Button in sidebar
<p>
Gene Expression Materials list
<p>
Modify Button
<p>
Materials Description
<p>
Materials URL
<p>
Upload Button
<p>
Submit Button

=== Identified Flows ===
Basic flow: Users choose available materials, input valid values in materials description and material URL, then clicks the submit button.
<p>
Alternative flow 1: User chooses unavailable materials, then clicks the submit button.
<p>
Alternative flow 2: User chooses available materials, input valid values in materials description and don’t upload new material URL, then clicks the submit button.
<p>
Alternative flow 3: User chooses available materials, not input value in materials description and upload material URL, then clicks the submit button.
<p>
Alternative flow 4: User chooses available materials, not valid value in materials description and upload material URL, then clicks the submit button. 
<p>
Alternative flow 5: User chooses available materials, input valid values in materials description and don’t upload valid material, then clicks the submit button.
<p>
Alternative flow 6: User chooses available materials, input invalid values in materials description and don’t upload valid materials, then clicks the submit button.

=== Identify Scenarios ===
=== Variables Used To Realize Scenarios ===
=== Test Cases ===