<wiki:toc max_depth = "3" />

= Understanding stakeholder and user's need =

== Summary of User Needs as Collected from Interviews ==  
<br>Interview involved the visitors who are interesting in gene expression, the students who study gene expression, and the professors who teach gene expression. The following are the outcomes from the interview:</br>

=== From visitors point of view ===
<br>System should be easy to access.</br>
<br>User interface friendly.</br>
<br>System should provide security.</br>

=== From professors point of view === 
<br>The system has to have high-level access permission.</br>
<br>System should provide security.</br>
<br>Flexibility.</br>
<br>Keep track of past information.</br>
<br>Interactive ability.</br>
<br>Saves time.</br>
<br>Support interesting ways and materials to teach.</br>

=== From students point of view === 
<br>Flexibility 24/7.</br>
<br>Easy to remember.</br>
<br>More interesting (not like :PPT. articles)</br>
<br>Interactive for students.</br>

=== Interview notes ===
<br>*Who are the users?*</br>
<br>Biology students</br>
<br>Professors are the main users of the system</br>
<br>The administrator who has the highest authority to manage the whole system</br>
<br>*Who are the stakeholders?*</br>
<br>biology educational institutions</br>
<br>biology professor</br>
<br>*What are the security issues?*</br>
<br>The system should check the authorization of any user logging in</br>
<br>Security including database backup, password protection</br>
<br>*What are the limitations?*</br>
<br>Should be supported by any operating system</br>
<br>Should work 24/7</br>
<br>*What about access permission?*</br>
<br>System should have different access permissions provided to different users of the system</br>
<br>Administrator should be given high level of access permissions so that he can give the authorizations for all other users</br>
<br>Professors should have higher access permissions than students that he can add and update while students only have specific access</br>
<br>*What are expectations?*</br>
<br>Increasing the quality of the learning process.</br>
<br>Saving time for both students and professors.</br>
<br>Providing learning resources.</br>
<br>Sharing useful information.</br>
<br>*What kind of functions you expect in the system?*</br>
<br>Need a part to display the whole process of GENE expression.</br>
<br>Get the feedback from student</br>
<br>Need user manual</br>
<br>Interactive ability between professor and student</br>
<br>*What are the special needs for the system configuration?*</br>
<br>Need mobile or other version</br>
<br>Easy and quick training process</br>
<br>Security including database backup, password protection</br>
<br>*How much time and cost expected?*</br>
<br>6 month & 1000 dollars</br>

== The Requirement Workshop ==

=== Attendees of Entry Management System Requirements Workshop ===

=== Entry Management System Requirements Workshop Structure ===

=== Setting the Agenda === 

=== The Analysis of the Results ===
<br>Features Collected at the Requirements Workshop</br>

== User-Case Model Survey ===